# QueryJS
A alternative of JQuery only with the basic essential functions!


DOCUMENTATION:

QueryJS(selector):
With this function we initialization the Library, the function receive a selector of the element like parameter and give we a JSON structure with the functions.

One Element Select:

When we put the selector of only one element, the function QueryJS give to we the next options:

  Class functions:
    QueryJS(selector).class.getClass(class):
    With this function we can get every class of a element; this function can receive a parameter (string) for find a specific class, but this is not totally necessary. Without the parameter the function drop every class in a string.
    
    QueryJS(selector).class.setClass(class):
    With this function we can set classes for the element; this function receive a string like parameter, the string is the name of the new class.
  
    QueryJS(selector).class.hasClass(class):
    With this function we can check if a element has a specific class; this function receive a string like parameter (the name of the class). 
  
    QueryJS(selector).class.toggleClass(class):
    This function receive a string like parameter (the name of the evaluated class) and verify if the class exist in the, if exist element this class will remove, else the class will added to the element.
    
  Parent function:
    
    QueryJS(selector).parent():
    This function returns the parent of the selected element with the structure generated by the function QueryJS.
    
  Children functions:
    
    QueryJS(selector).children.first():
    This function returns the first children of the selected element whit the structure generated by the function QueryJS.
    
    QueryJS(selector).children.all(index):
    This function returns a array with every child of the selected element, if we put the parameter (not mandatory), the function returns the element of the array in that position
    
  Siblings function:
  
    QueryJS(selector).siblings():
    Returns every siblings of the element.
    
  Element functions:
  
    QueryJS(selector).element[0]:
    Contains the element selected.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.html(value):
    With this function we can change the content of the element selected, the parameter (string) is the new content of the element.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.css(json/property, value):
    whit this function we can make changes in the css of the selected element,the first parameter is a string or a json structure, the json is used when we need change two or more properties, the string is used when we only needs change one propety of css, in this case we can use the second parameter to set a value at the propety.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.id(id):
    We can use this to set a new id to the element, recieve the new id like parameter.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.remove():
    This function remove the element.
    
  Events functions:
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.event.add(type, function):
    This function receive like a first parameter the type of the event (onclick, onmouseover, etc) and like a second parameter the function that will execute when the event is active.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.event.remove(event):
    This function remove the selected event, as a parameter receive the name of the event.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.event.trigger(event):
    This function execute the selected event, as a parameter receive the name of the event.
    
    QueryJS(selector).element.event.get(event):
    This function returns the selected event function, as a parameter receive the name of the event.
    
Two or More Element Selected:

When we put the selector of two or more elements the function QueryJS give to we the next options.

  Elements functions:
    QueryJS(selector).elements[0]:
    This give we a array with every elements with the QueryJS structure.
    
    Include to the next functions: 
      -QueryJS(selector).elements.css(JSON/propety, value).
      -QueryJS(selector).elements.event.add(event, function).
      -QueryJS(selector).elements.event.remove(event).
      -QueryJS(selector).elements.remove().
    All with the equals functionalities of when we only select one element.
